Doc/#1069 restructure page doc (#1073)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/manuals/userman/auth/authorization.md

The `AuthorizedPage^` class lets you specify a role traits filter where both the *success* and
*failure* cases must be a page renderer (an instance of `Markdown^`,  `Html^`, or
`(taipy.)gui.builder.Page^` instance - see the

> [section on Page Renderers](../gui/pages/index.md#building-page-content) for more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[section on Page Renderers](../gui/pages/index.md#defining-the-page-content) for more
```
